before i begin let me stop by saying
james cameron has done all he can to
warn humanity about their own stupidity
the star of our movie today is
conan dutch quaid
carl and carl
play our story begins with some
backstory text to let us know what the
well look at that
so basically the world went boom boom
robots took over the humans and now
they're trying to nuke all the leftover
folks like that cup noodles see how it
says right now
then out of nowhere a big naked mr
universe comes back from the future to
flown his big naked
just to talk me what is the purpose of
arnold's ass just to remind me that i
don't have one
and i have to blur this because why
would a cyborg have a penis
then he confronts blue head billy aka
the extreme and his buddies who to be
honest with you are a little lippy and
sort of deserve a
whipping but speaking of extreme man you
can steal the clothes you need without
sticking your hand up somebody butt
so imagine you come from a future with
no showers and the first thing you gotta
do is steal some pants off a hobo that
looks like willie nelson
okay so just robbed a hobo that looked
like billy nelson then got to run from
the po-po barefoot
then rob the popo for a weapon then
busting somebody's stone you know
you should just do what i did when i was
a kid when you hide inside one of them
circular clothing racks
then put your legs up so nobody can find
you then gotta steal a coat and some
kick
kicks y'all still got velcro in the
future how will that
wears out so fast and he gives them the
old one two bamboos with that fool
and steals another one of their weapons
while their dumpsters are in the store
looking for him and out on the streets
they're still looking for him
he's in the clothing rack into a
hairspray a pink backpack and aviators
on a scooter let's go this is sarah
connor
waitress at wally's world of wonderful
whoppers oh he don't stick out
the family from harry and the hendersons
called they want their automobile back
be sure sasquatch ain't strapped to the
top
ah yes the bad old days when a complete
psychopath could walk in and buy
unlimited rounds of ammunition
oh that ain't the good old days that's
now
moving on then because he came to the
pass without clothes photo id cash or
credit
he just off the guy just lost the guy
and apparently both of them are looking
through the phone book for women's name
sarah connor
and even though they're both looking for
the day shift waitress at bob's burgers
and beer bond
the terminator has no physical
description and just rolls on down the
list
i don't care what you do just don't hurt
the dog well one down
two to go and this other guy awakens
from a nap and putt putts off in the
batmobile's ugly cousin
later that night sarah and her roommate
get an obscene phone call from slider
then the popo revealed there's been a
second sarah connor who got deceased
sarah's boyfriend stands up so she makes
out with a lizard
and sarah goes out for a night on the
town boyfriend and iguana free
wouldn't be a scary eddie's move without
somebody getting some flat booty whose
owner is clearly not entertained
oh man ain't nothing worse than being
ready to bite into a big old pizza and
then hearing the news that some fool's
out killing people with your name
we've all been there so she's getting
followed by the guy in homeless willy's
pants and he ain't acting suspicious at
all
so she slept inside the club that would
induce your epilepsy even if you don't
have it
but the round booty has found the home
of the flat booty and while her
boyfriend's getting
all [ __ ] up she's still sweating to
the oldest in her undies
so just when the terminator thinks his
job is complete sarah calls home to tell
her roommate what's going down and
leaves the message on this antique box
that lets the whole neighborhood hear
your business
so if he had thought his job was
complete and the fast ain't got the
technology to send you back to the
future
what would he have done next taking up
flower arranging
become a jazz size instructor
professional chia pet groomer
and now because he doesn't found your
photo id and you told your deceased
roommate your exact location
sarah you in danger girl then move
[ __ ] get out the way don't worry kids
no 80s wigs were harmed in the making of
this scene so sarah tries to boogie on
out of there but these damn fools ain't
no help at all
probably whacked out on eddie's potty
powders and pills but it's okay
because did you know a shotgun blast can
knock a skin-covered metal man out a
window
i did and sexy man's like if you don't
quit waiting you're gonna cease to be
respirating
so they helping to ride and roll out of
there with the future ex-governor of
california on their hood
and somewhere along the way he lose his
eyebrows herman munster looking bit
while they on the run this fella tells
her his name is kyle reese
and he's like i'm here to save you from
that big booty bit
that ain't no man it's a cyborg in the
two thousand somethings they made these
refrigerators that would order your
groceries for you and it was all down
here from there
we're struggling to survive up in that
future and that's why i've got such
pretty teeth
and sarah's like why does it want me
dead so reese's like
sarah you are the mother of my best good
friend john who leads the rebellion
against the machines in the future
you and me don't know yet but i'm
actually his daddy but before i can be
his daddy i gotta be your daddy
want me to be your daddy and there's a
long
chase skip but the po-po wrap justin
well actually they were pretty late and
something tells me there ain't gonna be
no help no way
so while the police are asking rhys
pointless questions because they're
already convinced he's crazy
the big stud stops by this run-down
apartment for a little tune-up
and some plastic surgery oh look who's
here
just like reece said the iron giant
himself
then move [ __ ] get out the way
and the terminator test through that
police station like a hippie through pot
brownies and the only one who saves
sarah is the guy
everyone thinks is missing a few lug
nuts feels
a little bit of bonding under the bridge
little bit of cuddles
little bit of boo boo cleaning and then
rhys tells her about how she's the
mother of the future or something and
about how awful and terrifying the
future is
and how he would like to offer some of
his very nice recent pieces
and i don't even know why they decided
to check into a motel during the day
instead of when they were freezing their
houses off all night
welcome to the tiki motel see how it
says right now then sarah calls home and
big man machine plays mama nader
i live with one of them just playing
mama
after reece shows her how to make some
homemade explosives he uses his personal
pipe bomb to blow her pants off
in other words she finally gets some of
his reasons pieces they get freaky at
the tiki they do the horizontal hokey
pokey
he put as oh never mind oh
yeah ticket all off baby
okay pause if one of them gyrates the
wrong way and the little swimming the
one john's counting on
will we suddenly evaporate after he had
and would that also mean there'd be no
reason to send back to terminator and he
too would vanish like a fight in the
wind
and sarah just be lying there not
knowing what or who she was doing
then on nowhere knock knock who's there
cordis interruptus then there's a long
chase with lots of pew pews and boom
booms
i mean really big boom boom boom boom's
bigger than the boom booms at the tiki
and then there's one really really big
big boom boom
he gets knocked down but he goes up
again and ain't never gonna keep him
down
then inside this factory which is
probably a metaphor or something i don't
know
rhys tells her to run sarah then he uses
his pipe bomb to blow
his pants off henry's bites the big
peanut butter cup
and old red eyes is back you're telling
me after all that this metal
[ __ ] still ain't deceased
so shit's mushroom and the popo gets
there late
again and as she takes her final road to
mexico
and her final steps toward battery she
gets herself a german shepherd a jeep
and some rambo headgear
oh hell i've been kicking some serious
two you give me a big dog a four-wheel
drive and a bandana
hey you too mama nader she spends her
trip explaining all this cray to her
unborn john
who she will name connor instead of
reece because that would put a real
hitch in the giddy up
but how does she know that baby is john
it might be some girl child she goes
named fifi
fifi connor that's sweet
the end thank you to these special
patron muffins
kelly s eva katrina a bethanissie
car os cold hole kimberly b
david m christine k carrie j
elena s owana m melanie m
ptf jay nora c allison l
aldermen anonymous bh kelliel
and marion colorado four movies
explained for
i'm jeb freaky at the tiki dive
that concludes this fix of meth but
don't be sad muffins
i'll be back